API
===
API Reference
https://stripe.com/docs/api

stripe-samples
https://github.com/stripe-samples

API libraries
https://stripe.com/docs/libraries

Create a Customer API :
https://stripe.com/docs/api/customers/create

Create a price : 
https://stripe.com/docs/api/prices/create?lang=node

Create a Products : 
https://stripe.com/docs/api/products

Create a Invoices
https://stripe.com/docs/api/invoices

List subscriptions
https://stripe.com/docs/api/subscriptions/list

Create a Subscription API : 
https://stripe.com/docs/api/subscriptions/create


Docs
=====
Payment methods
https://stripe.com/en-in/payments/payment-methods-guide#payment-methods-fact-sheets

Development quickstart
https://stripe.com/docs/development/quickstart

How subscriptions work Docs  : 
https://stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/overview

create-products-and-prices
https://stripe.com/docs/payments/checkout/client-subscription#create-products-and-prices

how-can-i-upgrade-my-api
https://stripe.com/docs/upgrades#how-can-i-upgrade-my-api


Stripe Checkout
https://stripe.com/docs/payments/checkout

Payments
https://stripe.com/docs/payments

Create subscriptions with Checkout
https://stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/checkout

PAYMENTS : 
----------

Accept a Payments : 
https://stripe.com/docs/checkout/integration-builder (Prebuilt Checkout page, Custom payment flow - React, Node )

Save a Card During Payments : 
https://stripe.com/docs/payments/save-during-payment

Set up a payments for latter : 
https://stripe.com/docs/payments/save-and-reuse



BILLING : 
---------

Create a Subscription : 
https://stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/checkout

Modify Subscription : 
https://stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/change

Setup recurring Invoices : 
https://stripe.com/docs/billing/invoices/sending

Create an Invoices 
https://stripe.com/docs/billing/invoices/create#with-code

Send a hosted Invoice Page : 
https://stripe.com/docs/billing/invoices/hosted

Set up recurring Invoice : 
https://stripe.com/docs/billing/invoices/sending


Code : 
======
stripe-samples / checkout-one-time-payments 
https://github.com/stripe-samples/checkout-one-time-payments/tree/master/server/node

Stripe Samples
https://github.com/stripe-samples

TWO-Version : 
Accept a payment
https://stripe.com/docs/checkout/integration-builder

Accept a payment
https://stripe.com/docs/payments/accept-a-payment?integration=elements

Sessions
https://stripe.com/docs/api/checkout/sessions

Product - Price : 
https://stripe.com/docs/payments/accept-a-payment?integration=elements

checkout/migration :
https://stripe.com/docs/payments/checkout/migration

stripe-samples/checkout-one-time-payments
https://github.com/stripe-samples/checkout-one-time-payments

IONIC: 
https://www.onetruecode.com/stripe-checkout-ionic-3-example/



How to handle forms with just React
https://medium.com/@everdimension/how-to-handle-forms-with-just-react-ac066c48bd4f

Payment Terminology for Product Teams
https://www.departmentofproduct.com/blog/how-online-payments-work/

Controlled Forms in React
https://medium.com/byte-sized-react/controlled-forms-in-react-68e59362a119

Building forms using React â€” everything you need to know
https://www.codementor.io/@blizzerand/building-forms-using-react-everything-you-need-to-know-iz3eyoq4y

Stateful vs. Stateless Functional Components in React
https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/stateful-vs-stateless-functional-components-in-react--cms-29541

Introduction to Forms in Angular 4: Reactive Forms
https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/introduction-to-forms-in-angular-4-reactive-forms--cms-29787

Properly typing Apollo Mutation render prop for onClick handler
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53702877/properly-typing-apollo-mutation-render-prop-for-onclick-handler

Typescript input onchange event.target.value
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40676343/typescript-input-onchange-event-target-value

Typescript React.Js File Upload Event Ts2322 Error
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50641491/typescript-react-js-file-upload-event-ts2322-error

@types/react cannot setState with dynamic key name type-safe 
https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/issues/26635
https://www.gitmemory.com/issue/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/26635/646322548